Our next challenge is to find the username from an email address.
I will explain the problem.
Email address is given here and in this email address there is a symbol hydrate and also dot symbol
is there for the extension or there may be more than 1.5.
Also depends on the website name that is used here.
So whatever is there before activate is a username.
So the task is to find out the user name from email address.
So how to solve this?
To solve this, we have to find out the index of the in this string.
So index of at the rate that is at index seven.
So is there any function available to find out?
The index of it is find function is the or find first off is also there anyway.
This will be only one time at the rate will be only one time.
So find is sufficient to find out the index of this one.
Then we want the entire string from the starting index of zero up to seven.
So is there any function to find out this one?
Yes, there is a function that is sub SDR.
This will find out a substring from any starting index.
We can mention the number of characters that we want.
So we can use the find for finding the index of at the rate.
Then we can use sub SDR for finding the substring from here.
So that does a simple task.
You can write the programme by yourself.
You can post the video and write the program by yourself.
If you can't write or if you want help, you can continue watching the video.
And at the end of the video, I'll discuss more about this email address.
Let us look at the program.
Already I have taken the email address in a string called email.
Now I have to take out only the username from this one for that.
First find out the index of rate.
So int.
I will find out the index of heart rate.
So email dot line and single code.
So as well as I can use the codes.
So find functions are available for both overloaded functions are there.
So I am using find.
Yeah.
It is giving some warning here because this will give the index that is long and so I will typecast
it as integer.
Okay.
Then I will create another string.
That is you name.
And here I will say import service.
Starting index is zero.
And how many letters I want c whatever the index is.
Suppose this index is 01234567 index is seven.
And if we count the number of letters before this one.
So one, two, three, four, five, six, seven.
So there are seven letters.
So whatever the index, I am getting that many letters I want.
So just mention that after this quote.
User name is.
You name.
Now let us run this.
Yes, John.
One, two, three.
Analysts, not even so.
Next message is coming in the same line.
Now it is.
Username is John.
One, two, three.
That's it.
So this was a simple task.
Now, I'll give you another challenge that you have to do it by yourself.
I'll explain something about the challenge.
See, usually we find that this email address can have characters.
Characters on every website we find this it can have characters and it can have numbers, right?
And in special characters only underscore is allowed or dot is allowed.
No special characters are allowed.
So you have to write a program to check this user name as valid or not.
Means it should not have the letters outside this valid letters, and so it should have only characters
numbers.
And if there are any special characters, it should have only these two special characters.
And these letters can be even in capital letters or small letters, it can be anything.
So write a program for this one.
So that's all in this video.